this country is wonderful there was a recent study that found that virtually
anyone with you intellectual capacity to go to college could
go to college and they can do it very inexpensively if they want there
are a number of options somewhat which entail running up huge student
debt but some do not so there are number of things you could do
for instance there are a lot of skull ships available for varying kinds
of people there's the ROTC programs that allow you to go to college
you know basically pay for it and you know you know we get a good
college education you get a good kick started a military career that
you can do for six years what if your obligation is and then go
to civilian life or stay with the military into the entire crew of the
military lot of flag officers these days in the navy or in ROTC grads
Bobby Inman this hole in one was famous for so that's a good way
to go to college even if you in quotes cannot afford so good luck
you're the way you do it get hurt us